SITE-1972: EoL PHP 5.3 & 5.5 (#9453)
pantheon-systems/documentation: source/releasenotes/2025-03-12-php-eol-53-55.md

---
title: "PHP 5.3 and 5.5 no longer available"
published_date: "2025-03-12"
categories: [infrastructure, security, action-required]
---

> As part of our continued effort to protect and secure customer sites, the Pantheon platform no longer offers PHP versions 5.3 and 5.5. All sites currently configured to use PHP 5.3 or 5.5 have been automatically upgraded to PHP 5.6.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As part of our continued effort to protect and secure customer sites, the Pantheon platform no longer offers PHP versions 5.3 and 5.5. All sites currently configured to use PHP 5.3 or 5.5 are being automatically upgraded to PHP 5.6. This process will complete within a few days.
```

> As part of our continued effort to protect and secure customer sites, the Pantheon platform no longer offers PHP versions 5.3 and 5.5. All sites currently configured to use PHP 5.3 or 5.5 have been automatically upgraded to PHP 5.6.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As part of our continued effort to protect and secure customer sites, the Pantheon platform no longer offers PHP versions 5.3 and 5.5. Sites currently configured to use PHP 5.3 or 5.5 are being automatically upgraded to PHP 5.6 over the next few days.
```
